SDK-421 [Node.js SDK] SSE mode support (#244)
incountry/sdk-nodejs: README.md

  };

  endpoint?: string;        // Defines API URL
  encrypt?: EncryptionType | boolean;        // Optional. Default is EncryptionType.LOCAL. Switch encryption modes:
  // EncryptionType.LOCAL - Enables encryption via SDK methods or Custom encryption passed as option. Encrypted data will be sent to InCountry platform.
  // EncryptionType.SSE - Enables the server side encryption mode. Unencrypted data will be sent to InCountry platform via HTTPS, then encrypted and saved on the server side. Enabling this option disables local (SDK-side) encryption, hashing and normalizing.
  // EncryptionType.OFF - Base64 encoded not encrypted data will be sent and stored at InCountry platform

>   // Also support boolean values as backward compatibility:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // Also supports boolean values as backward compatibility:
```

  // true = EncryptionType.LOCAL
  // false = EncryptionType.OFF

  logger?: Logger;

>   getSecrets?: Function;    // Used to fetch an encryption secret. Not compatible with serverSideEncryption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  getSecrets?: Function;    // Used to fetch an encryption secret. Not compatible with server side encryption.
```

>   normalizeKeys?: boolean;  // If set as 'true', all keys are stored as lowercase. The default value is 'false'. Not compatible with serverSideEncryption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  normalizeKeys?: boolean;  // If set to 'true', all keys are stored as lowercase. The default value is 'false'. Not compatible with server side encryption.
```

  countriesCache?: CountriesCache;

>   hashSearchKeys?: boolean; // Set to false to enable partial match search among record's text fields `key1, key2, ..., key20`. Defaults to true. Not compatible with serverSideEncryption

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  hashSearchKeys?: boolean; // Set to false to enable partial match search among record's text fields `key1, key2, ..., key20`. Defaults to true. Not compatible with server side encryption
```

});
```

#### Server side encryption

> SDK supports server side encryption mode. In this mode all the data encryption and hashing is performed server-side. The input data is sent as is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SDK supports server side encryption mode. In this mode all the data encryption and hashing is performed server-side. The input data is sent to the InCountry platform as is.
```

});
```

#### Server side encryption
SDK supports server side encryption mode. In this mode all the data encryption and hashing is performed server-side. The input data is sent to the InCountry platform as is.

> Below you can find an example of how to use the `serverSideEncryption` option:

Reviewer: We have no such option, please change to `encrypt:...`
